Privacy Policy

This Application take photos to execute TensorFlow samples.

Summary
The user could be share his image in Twitter.
Content commenting
Full policy
Data Controller and Owner
Types of Data collected
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when
using this Application.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third
party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users
and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by
the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to
provide its services.
The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties published or shared
through this Application and declares to have the right to communicate or broadcast them,
thus relieving the Data Controller of all responsibility.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take
appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or
unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following
organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition
to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of
persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing,
legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service
providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies)
appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these
parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places
where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please
contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or
stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that
the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Application to provide its services,
as well as for the following purposes: Access to third party services' accounts, Creation of
the user in app profile, Content commenting and Interaction with external social networks
and platforms.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this
document.
The camera (use of android.permission.CAMERA) is used if the user wants:
- Upload photo to supply content to tensor flow.
- Share the image on Twitter.
This Application may ask some Facebook permissions allowing it to perform actions with
the User's Facebook account and to retrieve information, including Personal Data, from it.
For more information about the following permissions, refer to the Facebook permissions
documentation (https://developers.facebook.com/docs/authentication/permissions/) and to
the Facebook privacy policy (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/).
The permissions asked are the following:
Basic information
By default, this includes certain User’s Data such as id, name, picture, gender, and their
locale. Certain connections of the User, such as the Friends, are also available. If the user
has made more of their data public, more information will be available.
Likes
Provides access to the list of all of the pages the user has liked.
Publish to the Wall
Enables the app to post content, comments, and likes to a user's stream and to the
streams of the user's friends.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third party services' accounts
These services allow this Application to access Data from your account on a third party
service and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the
User.

The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored
and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their
accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for
their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law,
as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be
sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track”
requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time
by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page
often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to
any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can
request that the Data Controller erase the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the
then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about
Users.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association,
which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information,
including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed
in this Application ), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the
computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform
Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to
the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the
status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the
features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time
details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details
about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of
pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's
IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the
Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refer.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers to.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or
organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance
with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or
organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions
regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means
used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this 
Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this
Application.
This Application
The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
Cookie
Small piece of data stored in the User's device.
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the
obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive
2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.
